Don't invoke trackEvent when tracking data is null or undefined (#105)
NYTimes/react-tracking: README.md

// ...
```

> If the function returns `null` or `undefined` then no data will be tracked.

Reviewer: Slight tweak,

```suggestion
If the function returns a falsy value (e.g. `false`, `null` or `undefined`) then the tracking call will not be made.
```
